hi dad yes mama you remember to pick up
my stuff at the cleaners saw something
mama you sure how do you come so I like
the fact that this film was actually
based on true events that Lawrence rated
based on his personal losing of his dog
do you guys have any similar experiences
to that or nothing compares to it you
know I've never lost a dog like this but
I I can speak to the fact that you know
families are you know they're very
complex thing there's usually one
element that is a linchpin that that's
keeping the family together you know and
when you remove that it seems like the
whole thing is going to crumble you know
and and so while this movie is is about
you know a missing dog in a lot of ways
it's about what happens to your family
when that one thing that was keeping you
all together goes away and and how do
you get it back we're not getting a dog
right huh well you know ieaving him
freeway
feeling oh god before you were talking
on the phone oh and Mark I mean you have
a bunch of experience behind the camera
as well in front in front of the camera
and on indys I mean did you kind of take
anything away from working with Lawrence
because I notice as Lawrence's first
indie film mm-hmm I mean what I really
took away from Larry and meg is is that
you don't often need a half a page a
dialogue to express you know an emotion
which is my tendency is to be verbose
and let it ramble and he has such a
great classic screen writing style you
know like like billy wilder preston
sturges and and and so you know
occasionally I would say hey can I try
it this way and I would ramble a little
bit into that that's that's not
something interesting but try this line
you know and then nine words you would
communicate what normally takes me 157
those changes now change all the time
with Larry it's it's it's there you know
there's no dangerous knows that you know
it and it's done don't you know how much
that dog means to me I like him too I'm
just not obsessed with it you know more
about your patience than you do about
your own family we've done everything we
can would you be leaving if I were
missing that's ridiculous three raise
alive what are you talking about the
women in my family they have a gift we
see things do you see him is he all
right I see trees wow that really
pinpointed hmm was it kind of a reunion
working with Lauren's because I hear
that kind of brings back same people he
works with all the time well it was in
the cast were actors that I loved and
had never worked with and it was
surprised to hear that you haven't
worked with Danny keen right well I kind
of figured you probably would but when I
look at work together for the last 30
years because it's we had so much fun
while speaking for myself I had a ball
working with her and also Dianne Wiest
and Richard Jenkins I went to college
with but would never work together and I
he's one of my favorite actors so but
but Larry was the anchor for me I mean
because I've done this the sixth film
I've done with him and it was like a
family reunion going back
I'll in Japan you ever lost a person
we've lost it all love is love doesn't
matter it's a dog my shoulder dislocated
you read never put it back no no no I
really I can you ignore me no matter how
much ice cream okay I chose ignore me so
this is an actual your eleventh film
correct yes yeah but is it your actual
first independent film it is my first
how different was that how did that come
about it was very different in terms of
the time and the pressure and the fact
that everybody has to come on for no
money you know there's no comforts
there's no perks there's no big trailers
and so you know that everybody who's
taking part in it is doing it because
they like the material which is kind of
wonderful when I'm Stein Keaton kevin
kline Richard Jenkins Dianne Wiest and
they all come on Sam Sheppard drove out
from Kentucky de utah the stayed in a
motel with his dog Lulu and you know
they've just come because they like the
material so that's a great feeling and
the fact that you have to do it under
enormous time pressure you can't go back
you can't have a lot of takes they said
end to the excitement of it was very
invigorating sort of like the bell went
off you know the buzzer went off and you
played the game for six weeks and bam
it's over carcasses freeway really wants
to come in but he's got to hear a
friendly voice
now you know you'll never be your band
love always slide our land
things about me about you never meant
anything compared with how much I love
you